cleaning rivers being a young
girl loving dinosaurs that
little bit unusual and everyone
thought I was kind of weird but
you said get over that and just
want to follow your passion is
some great
really
I'm part of the research group
which is based at the University
of also
we're searching for these marine
reptile fossils in rocks that
were deposited under water but
through time have been lifted up
being a paleontologist I
realized that it's actually
quite back-breaking sometimes
the feeling of finding something
is amazing
just sort of turning over a rock
and finding something underneath
makes your heart need
I'll of paleontology because
there's always new scientific
discoveries popping up all the
time new dinosaurs new
prehistoric animals
there's always something new to
discover and we know so little
about the history in life
and
when I tell people what I do
there's a sort of complete
silence till they process what
does that mean and how could
somebody actually have a job
like that